[Autogenerated] so we just got done, creating a non secured listener.
Now let's move on and pick up where we left off and we'll work on
creating and attaching a secure listener to r A l B.
Now that's great and all, but we want to serve up SSL traffic, secured traffic.
How do we do that?
Well, I'll goto listeners.
I'll add a new listener and I'll choose H T T P s as opposed to default.
Http, Now it's on 443 and we choose our default action.
And these actions are subject to being on an exam from AWS so you can
forward traffic to a specific place you can redirect,
which is its own status code.
So you need to be aware of that.
You can return a fixed response.
So maybe for a health check,
you return a fixed response and then you can authenticate.
Now, this is pretty neat.
So the load balancer,
the application load balancer can verify that users are offended,
skated before making requests.
So this is really powerful for mobile applications where maybe
you're tying incognito user pools for authentication.
Now I'll select forward to, and we select our target group.
And for the sake of this demo, I'll just select the same target group.
So it's going to route to the same set of servers in our auto Skilling group.
Now.
The next thing we can do is group level stickiness,
so we can add a sticky session.
Four target groups based on this configuration and you can see the
duration goes from one second up to seven days.
Now.
I won't enable this for this.
I'll keep it off and then we specify our security policy.
Now there are several security policies here and you'll want to be sure
you're compliant with your requirements when you receive them.
I'll use the default here and then we can specify a default.
SSL certain the recommended way is to use Amazon Certificate Manager,
which is a free service you can import from I am,
or you can import the CERT directly to upload to the listener.
So I'm gonna use from a C m.
And I actually have a w w w dot Andrew s.
Is that me?
Cert?
So we'll use that.
I'll click on Save and then we have successfully created or
listener on port for for three so I'll go back here.
We see our two listeners now in one with the security policy in
there both fording traffic to our Web server,
a target groups.
Now.
One last thing is I want to open up Route 53 and I want
to go in and add a record for that.
W w w dot Andrew us to stop me.
So let me do that now, and what I'm doing here is I'm creating www record.
It's a C name and I'm pointing to the load balancer that we just created.
So I'll click on create,
and I'm going to give us a few minutes to replicate
across the Internet for resolution.
What I'll do is I'll open up www dot Andrew s is dot me
Now what I'll do is I'll open up.
W W W.
Andrew s is dot me in a new tab and you'll see this is the
original non secured site that we used,
so it's already resolving to our load balancer.
Now if I go ahead and force https traffic, there we go.
We now have a secure connection with a certain validated by Amazon,
and that's our a C M certain.
So now if I go to a PHP info page,
we get it and let me refresh and we should see a different I p.
And we do.
So now we're accepting and forwarding secured traffic via T.
L s on an application low balancer to a back end of E C two instances Now,
one last thing before we wrap this all up is that for target groups,
instances can belong to multiple target groups.
So if I create a new one here and call it B, I'll leave it.
It instance we'll leave it at 80 will leave the default
and I'll change the health check.
I'll click on create and then I'm gonna manually register a target.
I'll edit here toe add registered instances,
all select one from Auto Skilling Group and add it to registered a
click on safe and you'll see that it's set toe unused.
And that's because we don't have a listener listening
for traffic toe forward to this group.
So if I go to my load balancer, I create a listener.
If I add a new one and we'll do basic, http, but I'll do 80 80 instead of 80.
I'll go ahead and forward to Web server be I'll accept it and then I'll save it.
So now we have our additional 80 80 listener on our same load balancer.
So if I go to my Web server, be Target group again and I look at targets,
we'll see that it's healthy.
And this is the same instance from our other target group.
So now if I go up here and I go to Port 80 80 instead,
we get the same page so you can see that we're using a
different pour in a different listener.
But we're hitting a shared instance in a target group,
and this target group is our Web server be sent off.
I refresh several times.
You'll see we always get the same instance.
It doesn't scale in load balance like APP Server A does.
So that's how you can configure load balancers and application
load balancers specifically with listeners,
target groups and then different computer on the back end to
span multiple availability zones for a highly available in
resilient architecture design.
Well,
go ahead and in here and then in the next clip will pick up with a demo on network load balancing